underwater electric scooter normally I
don't buy stuff this stupid but I have
to admit I was
intrigued I've got the subn itself the
handle bracket the arm mount a USB cable
but not a wall wart why did we normalize
this and some extra grease as well as
O-rings and screws all the interfaces
are sealed against water Ingress and
attaching the controller is as simple as
popping that on there closing up the
front I'm flicking her
on she goes the controls are simple
double tap to power on and hold to go
you can also change into a higher gear
by double tapping again or triple
tapping to go into Super gear I found
that the regular gear was tons of fun
for little kids but the bigger you are
the more you're going to Crave extra
power and I can see why some of their
marketing material features people with
two or four of these things attached to
them as for kids in the higher gears I
can see why they say it's for ages 16
and up Gear 3 is ridiculous man look at
this at this price what